Add new AWS Config datastream. (#13830)
elastic/integrations: packages/aws/docs/config.md

# Config

[AWS Config](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/) provides a detailed view of the configuration of AWS resources in your AWS account. This includes how the resources are related to one another and how they were configured in the past so that you can see how the configurations and relationships change over time.

Use this integration to collect and parse data from your AWS Config APIs. Visualize that data in Kibana, create alerts to notify you if something goes wrong, and reference data when troubleshooting an issue.

**IMPORTANT: Extra AWS charges on API requests will be generated by this integration. Check [API Requests](https://www.elastic.co/docs/current/integrations/aws#api-requests) for more details.**

## Data streams

The AWS Config integration collects one type of data: logs.

**Logs** help you keep a record of the findings in AWS Config, allowing you to track and audit compliance status of your resources.

> Within the `config` data stream, we first retrieve all config rules using the [DescribeConfigRules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/APIReference/API_DescribeConfigRules.html) action. Then, for each specific config rule, we fetch its evaluation results using the [GetComplianceDetailsByConfigRule](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/APIReference/API_GetComplianceDetailsByConfigRule.html) action. These evaluation results enrich their respective config rules, ultimately producing a finding log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS Config integration works by first retrieving all config rules using the [DescribeConfigRules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/APIReference/API_DescribeConfigRules.html) API. Then, for each specific config rule, the integration fetches its evaluation results using the [GetComplianceDetailsByConfigRule](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/APIReference/API_GetComplianceDetailsByConfigRule.html) API. These evaluation results enrich their respective config rules, ultimately producing a finding log.
```
